# pizza
Perfect 👌 thanks for sharing the extracted info! Yes, I can slot this cleanly into your existing Functional Specification Document (FSD) so it flows consistently. Here’s the updated draft with the new User section (3.2) added in the same structured format as before:


---

Online Pizza Ordering System (OPOS) - Functional Specification

1. Introduction

1.1 Background

XYZ Automation Ltd focuses on automating various systems that have been working manually for years.

1.2 Purpose

XYZ Automation Ltd recently planned to automate the Online Pizza Ordering System – a web application intended for users to order pizza online.

1.3 Scope

The system will provide functionality as described in the Functional Requirements section.
The system will be developed on a Windows XP machine using J2EE, JSP/HTML, and JDBC.


---

2. System Overview

2.1 System Description

The Online Pizza Ordering System should support the following types of users:

Administrator (A)

User (U)


2.1.1 Authentication

All users must be authenticated using a unique login ID and password.

2.1.2 Authorization

System operations are dependent on the user type. For example:

Administrator: Add/Delete/Modify pizza store or food item details.

User: Restricted to customer-related operations (described later).



---

2.2 Environment

The system will be developed and deployed in the following environment:

Platform: Windows XP

Technologies: J2EE, JSP/HTML, JDBC

Hardware: Intel PC P4-2.26 GHz, 512 MB RAM, 40 GB HDD

Server: Apache Tomcat 6 or higher

Database: Oracle 9i or higher

Runtime: JRE

IDE: Eclipse IDE



---

3. Subsystem Details

3.1 Administrator

The administrator must log in with a unique user ID and password. The following operations are supported:

1. Add Pizza Store details


2. Modify Pizza Store details


3. Delete Pizza Store details


4. Add Food Item details


5. Modify Food Item details


6. Delete Food Item details


7. Quit Session




---

3.2 User

The user must log in with a unique user ID and password. The following operations are supported:

1. View Pizza Store details

Users can view all store details by selecting state and place.



2. Add Food Items to Cart

Users can select and add food items to their shopping cart.



3. Modify Cart details

Users can modify the quantity of selected food items in the cart.



4. Delete Food Items from Cart

Users can delete any food item from the cart.



5. Confirm Order

Users can confirm the selected items and proceed to checkout.



6. Make Payment

Users can complete payment for their order via supported methods.



7. Quit Session

End the user session securely.





---

📌 Document Info (footer):

TP_FNSP – Version 2.2

Document Classification: <VERY CONFIDENTIAL / CONFIDENTIAL / INTERNALLY RESTRICTED / PUBLIC>

Page 6 of 9



---

Would you like me to continue and add Sections 4 (Functional Requirements) and 5 (Non-Functional Requirements) next? That will turn this into a full FSD (so you can use it directly for submission or project work).

Extracted Text

4. Data Organization

This section explains the data storage requirements of the Online Pizza Ordering System application and indicative table (database) structure. The following sections explain few of the tables required for the application and the other tables will have to be designed accordingly.

4.1 Table: User Information

The user specific details such as name, phoneno, authentication and authorization / privileges should be kept in one or more tables, as necessary and applicable.

Table 1: UserDetails

Field Name

Data Type

Description

UserID

VARCHAR(9)

It will be a numeric value sequentially generated by the system and need not be passed from the client. It will be added by the system whenever a new user gets registered.

First Name

VARCHAR(15)

First Name of the user

Last Name

VARCHAR(15)

Last Name of the user

EmailID

VARCHAR(50)

Email ID of user for communication

PhoneNo

VARCHAR(10)

Phone No. of the user

Password

VARCHAR(15)

Password of user

4.2 Table: Authentication Information

The table contains Authentication information for Administrator.

Table 2: LoginCredentials

Field Name

Data Type

Description

UserID

VARCHAR(9)

User Identification

Password

VARCHAR(9)

Password

4.3 Table: Transaction Information

The table contains Transaction Information.

Table 3: CreditCardDetails

Field Name

Data Type

Description

CreditCardNumber

NUMBER

Credit Card Number

ValidFrom

DATE

Validity of Credit card from

ValidTo

DATE

Validity of Credit card to

Balance

NUMBER

Existing Balance

Note: Similarly, create other necessary normalized tables.

5. Assumptions

User Interface: The type of client interface (front-end) to be supported is – GUI based

The scope of the application is limited to only one country

Information about State, Place and Locality are already stored in database


6. Expectations

The application should be designed using client server architecture

The server should be a concurrent server servicing multiple clients

Database can be implemented using Oracle 9i or above

To begin with, the application should support at least 1 admin

Compilation and Build should be done using Eclipse IDE

Source-code and all documents must be maintained (checked-in) in configuration management system (subversion)

Wipro’s coding standards (for Java) should be followed

Deliverables should include use-case diagrams, design document, compiled and tested source code, test-plans, test-cases documents, test-results and release note


Create a full MERN CODE WITH FILE STRACH
